Profile Settings (#218)
gristlabs/grist-help: help/FAQ.md

You can now easily switch between all your accounts, and all your teams, from the user menu.

### How do I update my profile settings?

Open the [user menu](glossary.md#user-menu) by clicking on the profile icon in the top-right of Grist, then select “Profile Settings”.

> From here, you can manage the name associated with your account, update the appearance to light or dark mode, set a language and create and manage an API key. To learn more about our API, check out [Grist API](rest-api.md#grist-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From here, you can manage the name associated with your account, update Grist's theme to light or dark mode, set a language and create and manage an API key. To learn more about our API, check out [Grist API](rest-api.md#grist-api).
```

**Would you like to help translate Grist?**

> We use [Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/grist/) to manage translations and welcome volunteer translators!

Reviewer: Paul just created a thread for translators in the community. Let's add a link!
```suggestion
We use [Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/grist/) to manage translations and welcome volunteer translators! If you’d like to translate Grist into a new language (thank you!) let us know which language in this [Community thread](https://community.getgrist.com/t/translating-grist/2086), and we’ll add the language on Weblate.
```
